hey guys today I'll be doing your view
on Mazda rx-7 this is a diecast replica
in the scale of 1/24 the car main body
is painted in green forest green
actually don't know why but it was on
sale for $10 on hobby link Japan it's a
hobby website in Japan they would they
do ship it I think internationally so
you guys can check it out yeah so let me
do a review and unboxing of this guy
the box is little bit beat up because I
kept it in my storage room so when you
do buy they would come in nice and
scratch-free
unlike mine ok so yeah so let me just
open it up here and show you what it
looked like when they started the box ok
so this is what it looked like when it
sat at the box yeah I actually it was
surprising that this green paint job is
actually not bad looks pretty good it
has pretty decent under car detail right
there this is made by motorbikes by the
way
door opens up other side opens - also
it's a little bit do it we have to do it
one hand but it can open up there's some
decent engine detail right there
unfortunately these the light they don't
open I thank you so there we go and
there's the front of the car
this up here
door opens up you have a pretty decent
dinner you know detail right there some
dashboard detail the steering wheel will
actually move okay and there's the back
shot up nothing much but at least it
opens so it's not too bad
the salt yeah so let us full open let me
give you a 360 view here
yeah not bad for our $10 diecast model
or replica so this is a fully licensed
product obviously so a pretty good
detail pretty good malt let me know
where you guys think on the comment
below give it a thumbs up
pretty detailing like light - alright so
thank you for watching and see you in
the next video
you